to do that I'm going to introduce one of
my favorite speakers and now veteran
touring around Australia New Zealand
after after his fourth forced to recite
I'd like you to welcome our director of
content and research Karl AC
is like how are we doing we're doing
good so I'm going to give you a brief
overview of what we do at exact target
at least in my team I have 10 people in
Indianapolis Indiana
and all we do is consumer research
client research trends research
everything we could possibly get our
hands on to try to keep everybody up to
date in regards to trends right that's
everything from Google glass to phablets
to the Samsung tablet that's now 20
inches right which is completely
ridiculous it's like carrying around a
TV when you're walking on the street but
we want to talk about what's next right
and all the research that we do and a
lot of the stuff that we're talking
about today has to do with what's next
what is going to happen in the future
what are people going to be doing when
cars can drive themselves all these cool
things right that matter and I've always
been trying to figure out how to say it
because it stresses me out everything
that we talked about stresses me out
because things change so drastically
that it's just really hard to describe
does anybody know louis c.k the comedian
okay if you don't if there's one thing
you take away from my presentation you
need to go to louis c.k and watch him on
youtube as many videos that you can find
just don't do it right now because
you'll break the Wi-Fi and you need to
listen this presentation but I have a
quick video that kind of describes what
I'm trying to say and Louie's telling it
when I read things like the foundations
of capitalism are shattering I'm like
maybe we need that maybe we need some
time where we're walking around with a
donkey with pots clanging on the sides
you think that would just bring us back
to reality because everything is amazing
right now and nobody's happy like in my
lifetime the changes in the world have
been incredible when I was a kid we had
a rotary phone we had a phone to get to
stand next to
and you realize how primitive you're
making sparks in a phone and you
actually would hate people with zeros
and their numbers because it was more my
on this guy's got two zeros screw that
guy why don't I want to and then if they
called it you weren't home the phone
with just ring lonely by itself and then
with you wanted money you had to go in
the bank for when it was open for like
three hours the same line raise up a
check like an idiot and then when you
ran out of money you just go well I
can't do any more things now I can't do
any more that's it yeah that was it and
even if you had a credit card they big
I'd go oh and he bring out this whole
shun trunk and eat right yeah but you
have to call the president to see money
it's all finally call the president yeah
it was ridiculous
yes do you feel that we now in the 21st
century we take technology for grandpa
yeah cuz now we live in an in an amazing
amazing world and its wasted on the on
the crappiest generation of just spoiled
idiots they don't care because this is
what people like now they got their
phone they're like uh it won't give it a
second it's going to space can you give
it a second to get back from space is
the speed
I was on I was on an airplane and there
was internet high-speed Internet on the
airplane that's the newest thing that I
know exists and I'm sitting on the plane
they go open up your laptop you can go
on the internet and it's fast and I'm
watching YouTube clips it'sa me I'm in
an airplane and then it breaks down and
they apologize the Internet's not
working the guy next to me goes boom
just bolt like how quickly the world
owes him something yes he knew existed
only ten seconds ago so who feels like
that right can we give it a round I keep
pretty much describes everything I deal
with on a daily basis as a marketer so
when we're talking about these trends
and we're talking about what's next it
is fun to always talk about these things
that are happening and all these tools
we're going to use in the future but we
also have to remember what's now and
when I say what's now it's what we've
been talking about this entire morning
it's the data around the consumer what
your consumer using now what technology
are they using now if they're using
Google glass you should probably think
about it right which is probably not the
case but it's the future right what are
they doing now what's the data telling
you now so the trends have to do with
the future but also keep that in mind
when we're talking about this strategy
at least when you're building your
strategy for the future so the first
trend is data equals relevance and I
usually describe data equals relevance
we all know that and I'm not going to
talk about small data or big data but
it's really this so one of my favorite
quotes what you will see with rapid data
and social sharing is the death of the
average in the error of you businesses
will be able to truly serve the
individual and I think that what's that
what that is saying is that we have to
go back to the day where I could walk
into a store they knew my name they knew
exactly what I bought yesterday they
have the car already filled out and they
are going to give it to me right they
have to know me personally I think we're
getting to the point where technology
can actually do that so when we're
talking about this creative is also
important so there's two types of
marketing data that I talk about when
I'm usually doing a trans presentation
number one is empathy and number two is
effective taking and empathy is the idea
that we have to understand the emotional
state or feelings of the consumer we
have to madmen were really good at that
we're you're going to hear Mad Men about
90 times today because we're obsessed
with it and I love it and the idea of a
three-martini lunch while probably not
very productive seems cool to me and
I've never actually experienced maybe
I'll try it today I have no idea they're
really good at empathy and here's some
examples of that these are actual
examples of advertising that was done in
the 60s think of her as your mother
this is American Airlines poster which I
get the point of the attendant taking
care of you as your mom but she's hot so
it's just kind of weird face the facts
when tempted to overindulge reach for a
lucky instead so apparently sprinters
smoked after they ran the face is
America the special Sparkle is Canada
dry which I have no idea what that means
but it is a fun couple on a beach
pouring Canada dry all over themselves
which take that as you will but it was
feeding on the emotional state of the
consumer the second part of it which
we're dealing with now is perspective
taking which is cognitive and analytical
it's understanding someone's interests
and behavior I describe that a lot with
Amazon and I know sometimes you guys
have problems getting Amazon stuff to
ship here right so I'm going to just
explain this because I use Amazon a
couple times in this presentation that
it will there will come a day where
they're here where distribution networks
are here and you will be getting things
within a 24 hour period of time for free
right so cognitive and analytical we
call it the Amazon effect which is
predictive intelligence which we'll talk
about as a trend later on but it's
basically the idea that I buy a book
Amazon sends me an email and I have a
complete book shelf of books that I will
never read because apparently Amazon
knows me better than I know myself
right and I just buy them all the time
well Amazon's recommending them to me
maybe I should buy them right but it's
about using that in a better way so when
we're talking about empathy it's
important that we are understanding the
emotional state of the consumer but
we're also taking in that cognitive
element and it's only going to get
better over time as machines get better
as intelligence gets bad
when we start developing more of this
technology so when we're talking about
trends the second one is moments matter
and you're going to see this a couple
times I actually stole I'm a full
disclaimer I stole this idea from Jeff
roars and he will be presenting it later
on today as well but moments matter
means this has anybody seen this picture
anybody so this is what's called dogs
underwater as you can tell this is a
this is a from a photographer out in
California his name Seth Casteel and he
took the last bit of money that he had
and he bought a digital underwater
camera and he went and he was trying to
figure out okay what the hell do I do
now with an underwater digital camera
now that I bought it and he actually
took a picture of one of his dogs
jumping into a pool just took it I think
it was the one I have no idea what kind
of dog that is but it's the bug-eyed one
on the left bottom left took a picture
of it put it online his friend saw it
and they were like wow it's crazy
put it on reddit it went viral overnight
he sold thousands of photos of this dog
and what do you think he does now
anybody want to guess takes pictures of
dogs in the water that's all he does and
it's a coffee table book and you can you
can buy it and put it on your coffee
table and it's fun anybody actually I
was I was talking to my wife the other
day and I was like I really want to take
our cat and do cats under water and she
didn't think I was very funny but I'm
more of a dog person but what Seth took
advantage of was a moment in time this
is a moment that happens constantly
right dogs loved water took advantage of
that moment and made it work for his
brand same thing applies to technology
and data and how we look at the customer
lifecycle you've seen this nine billion
different times this is just what I use
this is what a customer walks through
when they're interacting with your brand
right awareness evaluation purchase
usage repurchase advocacy and every
point along that lifecycle is a
different technology person piece of
content every single thing that we're
doing as a brand and this changes for
every single consumer in your database
every single time they interact with you
so think about that for two seconds if
you
have 100 consumers and they're
interacting with you three or four times
and content in the way that they
interact with you based off technology
changes every time that's a lot of data
that's a lot of content that's a lot in
general but as brands we have to move to
the point where we're using data we're
using content we're using technology to
create this system for every single
consumer so they are communicating with
us the way they want to right not the
way we think they need to there's a huge
difference between those two things
so moments truly matter when we're
talking about technology and we're
talking about at least underwater dogs
and cats which I think that would be a
great book together in general you throw
both of them in the water at the same
time and see what happens
number three's connected consumers I
have a confession who has an iPhone in
here probably someone quite a bit what
about an Android who has switched from
an iPhone to an Android okay go with me
here you guys you know what I'm talking
about so I recently switched I switched
phones and about someone from an iPhone
and I went to a phablet and for those of
you who don't know a phablet is
something that looks like a mini iPad
but it's actually a phone that you use
as a phone and it looks ridiculous when
you're using it but it's big it's a big
phone and now I switch to an Android
device and three days in I was sitting
on my couch and my wife came in said
what is wrong with you and I'm sitting
there using this phone I'm like I just I
wanted to do what my iPhone did and I
was depressed oppressed literally
depressed like I like a loved one had
died in my life and she goes you need to
get over it because it's a phone and I
said to her and I was like that's why I
married you you're right
your beautiful woman but the problem was
is that an operating system did what
freaked me out
and it's the same thing I know purists
are going to like know the designs
better blah blah blah it's icons on a
phone that you use to communicate with
people right it's the same thing but
it's unbelievable how much a phone
disrupt
did me when I switched and I'm happy now
I think a lot of people wonder I
actually like the Android operating
system but we have to remember that
that's what all of us are like now and
when we did our research we found that
between all consumers on average use
their phone between three and four hours
a day probably the majority of them
we're playing candy crush or some weird
game that everybody does but we have to
remember the mobility is extremely
important and that's one of the major
trends throughout this entire
presentation that is that it is mobility
91% of consumers indicated that access
to content across all devices was
important so it does matter that when
you are creating content when we're
talking about personalized content it
doesn't matter well it does matter that
the past buying behavior is put in there
but it's also what device they're using
to look at that content that's important
right that's also a data point
responsive design is extremely important
in this whole thing but content being
accessed across every device everything
that the consumer is using is important
51 percent of Australian consumers
search on their smartphone every day for
everything we know that when somebody
walks into your store calls you they're
probably already 70 percent of the way
through the sales cycle they already
know what they want has anybody heard of
showrooming okay it's a hit or miss here
on showrooming showrooming is basically
where I walk into a store I try on shoes
I sit there in front of the person in
order the shoes online and they're
shipped to me and they're sitting right
in front of me because I probably got
them for like 10% cheaper but that's a
lot of that is happening now a lot of
that is consumers going into stores
looking and trying on things and then
leaving them buying them online it's
happening it's more prevalent in the
States but it is happening more often
right so we have to remember that one in
three consumers use their mobile phone
to research products in store so it's
important to remember that where the
person is at is also what matters when
it comes to content and mobility 94% of
Austrians have researched a product or
service on their phone so we get the
point right we are using our phone
constantly that is a trend and it will
never die and it won't die everything is
becoming more mobile and we have to
remember that when we're talking to the
consumer
so with that email is mobile responsive
design is extremely important for those
of you that don't know what responsive
design is it just means that you the
content the web the email everything
you're sending out is changing based off
of the environment the consumer is using
so if I'm reading your email on my
phablet and then I read it on my old
iPhone it should change based off of
those screen sizes so I don't have to
pinch to read the content so no pinching
is a good rule of thumb just don't go to
your design team and be like I need to
make sure our website that people aren't
pinching it when they're reading it
because they'll probably hit you in the
face honestly so just remember that if
you are pinching content it means that
it's not designed the right way so email
is mobile when we set a billion digital
messages on Cyber Monday in the States
many of our clients experience mobile
open rates exceeding 80 percent and
mainly because they were traveling
they're on the go but mostly that is one
mobile phone usage that is at its peak
between the times of 8:00 and 5:00 p.m.
because they're using on-the-go desktop
and tablets go up after 5:00 p.m.
between 5:00 and 10:00 p.m. is the main
source of usage for tablets terms of
time so with the future of mobility with
the connected consumer we also have to
remember the inbox and I want to invite
up Te'o Noel from return-path which is a
great partner of ours to talk about the
future of the inbox so give it up
you good morning everyone
and my name is Te'o and the original
director for return-path just before I
jump in I just have a quick question how
many here have just one email address
just to show of hand one email address
who's got two email addresses three mail
addresses I we get there for email
addresses or five six seven I've seen
people having alpha dozen or dozen email
addresses simply because our life is
becoming more and more complex because I
am the inbox of the future is different
because today as the inbox evolve we
marketer need to make sure that we
understand what is going on in the world
around us once upon a time a very long
time ago and it was inbox was designed
for one thing and we were using it for
one thing and one thing only to read and
send email but that was a long time ago
it was that time where a lot of people
understood that they were something else
that could be done out of eyewear and
inboxes it is people have changed people
have changed marketer have understood
that it was becoming more and more
interesting what we could do with our
inboxes and because we marketer
consumers want more we use our inboxes
for a lot of things androids and
hundreds and hundreds of emails are
coming into our world every morning so
as a result of it unfortunately exists
too much chaos chaos that we find how to
manage on the morning on day to day
basis on the morning I spend my first 20
minutes just clearing things deleting
androids and in terms of messages
because it's just overflow so the inbox
of tomorrow needs to change the days are
gone where we need to make in consent
I'm sorry we need to understand clearly
how we're going to manage that inbox so
we created tools tools to make our life
easier from a marketing point of view
from a professional point of view we
have created tools to make that inbox
more useful user friendly so in the
sense we are transforming our inbox into
a shopping engine for example mobi
enables you to manage all your and your
purchases it's going to file them it's
going to order and manage all your
receipts give you even and monthly be
email addresses so you keep your privacy
and no one knows who you are
slice will take all your purchases track
your shipment understand and organize
your visits so you know what to do it's
also understand who you are so well that
next time you are looking for word
product it will tell you when it is and
where it is to buy it so cheapest but as
we receive more we want to clutter free
environment we want to use our inbox to
have better ways to end subscribe and
subscriber for example enable your on a
click and drag to manage your
unsubscribe forever it will take care of
it for you
you don't have to try to find where the
button it is Maelstrom and it's going to
help you sorting all your emails put
them together put them in an order that
you make sense for you and it's going to
clean your inbox faster so if every
morning you delete that chunk it will do
it for you once and forget inbox pause
enable you to think about and give you
your productivity back it's giving you
the opportunity to sit down turn off
your email
make that you need in order to be
productive organizer turns on for you
automatically and will sort all your
daily deals will put them in one area
will put all your receipts put them in
another and folder so it makes your life
more streamlined and simpler and to
manage in essence that is what Gmail has
done as well it's it has listened to its
customers there was this too much in my
inbox sort it for me that's what they
did yeah who followed up very quickly
after that but you know on our day to
day on the professional level
we've got to see this problem we've got
clutter as well so we transform there
were inbox into a personal assistant
temple for example enables you to put
when you've got meetings it's going to
put the business cards of all your
clients where you're going how you going
so it's going to make your arrival to
your next meeting more simpler boomerang
allows you to innocence and simply
select your task
send your reminders prepare your emails
send your email where at the time you
decided to let said is a bit like motley
bunch it's actually going to sort all
your deliveries but more importantly and
I think it's quite cool is that fact
that it recognized when you got to
check-in and email for your next pontus
flight it will automatically check you
in
I'm your little personal assistant but
changes are upon us and as marketer we
need to understand and better what our
customers are doing so three things can
really help us today and make an
informed decision about what the inbox
of tomorrow is first of all we need to
know and who our real competition is
inside that inbox we need to understand
who the competitor is and what are we
competing against the chaos of that
inbox is not going away
and it is also the information it's just
under the surface and we as marketers
need to understand how we're going to
leverage it but today already you can
really simply understand what is the
percentage of your customers will you
share with any other senders so you your
competitor in essence understanding what
is your inbox share of wallet it can
also we can also help you understand the
size of your list compared to any other
senders into your customers inbox but as
we spoke about earlier on it's about
relevancy it is about that one-to-one
relationship that you can have it is
about delivering email marketing that
people love but as we all know customers
love is fickle they might choose to read
your email this morning might decide to
ignore you might actually prefer reading
your competitors email or actually when
conscious email is sent they actually
don't look at you and don't look at your
competitor they just prefer the Qantas
email so what you can do today is that
you can understand better the percentage
of customers that read your message read
your competitors message or read none of
them and also when they are ignoring you
when they are not listening to your
communications the third point is about
taking your brand your customers and
revenue because when you think about it
inbox is just more than just marketing
messages there is a lot of our private
life which is held in that inbox say is
your password say is your statement is
your banking there is information that
the bad guy actually will try to do
everything they can to get access to but
they will lure your client by abusing
the trust they have on your brand they
will send those phishing attack spamming
attack to try to leverage your brand to
steal your customers away but there is a
good news you can do something about it
today you can understand if first of all
you have a problem if your brand is
being abused you can quantify the size
of it and finally you can effectively
block anyone who pretend to be you so
voila
it's quite simple today as marketer you
can do you can have three takeaways the
first one is that you can gain
visibility on who's inside the inbox
with you understand what the share of
wallet you have access to you can learn
about your customer preferences learn
about your life mate in businesses what
works for them what works for your
competitor leverage that information to
make something out of it to be more
relevant to your customer and finally be
a will be protected protecting your
brand and your customers privacy by
ensuring that only you sends emails that
your customer wants so thank you very
much for your time
thank you so it's important about all
this is that we realize that these tools
are available and they'll become
increasingly more available and with
email and with mobile and with all these
things I think that location is also
extremely important to what we do
location you remember Foursquare and all
that kind of creepy stuff where you
check-in and there it was like hey I'm
glad you're there I'm going to go to
your house and break in and all that
stuff it's I think it's coming back I
think we're seeing a resurgence of
location-based stuff and my favorite one
which thank God you guys have it here we
were in Auckland and I was sitting in
the airport waiting it to tell me that
the cars were near and there were no
cars anywhere near who's familiar with
uber all right so everybody's familiar
pretty much for those of you who aren't
prepared to have your lives change this
is basically a black black car service
where I can stand out in front of my
hotel tell it to pick me up it will send
me a picture of the driver the phone
number it will text me when the car is
near the driver will call me just in
case the pin location wasn't right I'll
get in the car tell them where I'm going
they'll have bottled water sitting there
like little candies sometimes depending
on what driver you get and it will take
you to my place I will get out and it
will charge me all through the mobile
app I'll rate the driver and it's all
seamless throughout the mobile app it's
about 10 percent more expensive than
taxis that might change based off of
your guys's headlines this morning I
think it's a 30 percent taxi rate hike I
think that what I saw today but it's
basically a black card service that's
complete the experience is completely
built through the mobile phone and
people use it constantly in the States
it's pretty prevalent but there are some
where the taxi unions are like screw you
over and they don't have it in the city
but they're creating an experience for
the customer that's completely mobile
and even product wise it's becoming even
more mobile for a lot of consumers
PayPal is another example Derek and I
tested this at nook which is across the
street from our office this is where you
can test in our tests in check in to
nuke and you can pay for your beverage
or flat light I am an American who
orders flat white I would just like to
tell all of you and the best flat white
I've ever had
this morning in Melbourne so thank you
all for bestowing upon me your coffee
greatness
so actually you could pay and it
actually shows your picture on the
computer for the employee they click
which person you are and it's all done
through the mobile app PayPal is rolling
this out globally at the moment right
this is just a very cool way to go about
doing things so as this stuff becomes
more mobile consumers are also on it
wanting to become more mobile with their
products and when they're ordering
services
this is not a joke you guys are seeing
their fun going this is crazy
you saw the sixty minutes interview
probably where Jeff Bezos was on there
talking about this drone thing and I was
watching it going this guy this is crazy
there's no way and this is actually
happening like Sydney there's a company
that just got well it's working on
regulations getting passed to use drones
in Sydney Amazon is getting it passed in
America can you imagine the chaos within
America where there's like a million
guns per household with all these I
gotta get guys shoot down that's my
American voice got to shoot down the
drone right I got to get my watch or
something that they ordered before but
imagine what's going to happen when this
actually changes it actually works the
right way when I can order something and
it get is delivered to me in 30 minutes
via drone it's pretty crazy
now it might not look like that they
have them but but it's just a matter of
time before these things start changing
this was recently launched in the States
I think last week this is basically
where you can scan food products and
order it via Amazon from your kitchen
and I was going to show the video but it
was a bunch of just families in their
kitchen like going alright a milk we
need to scan so you get the point but
they scan it and it's delivered to your
home same day by Amazon groceries so
we're all becoming really lazy in
general but this is just an idea this is
just showing you they also have an app
where I can scan a UPC code of like a
barbecue or something right and I can
actually order it on Amazon and it
shipped to me through the in-store
environment right so they're changing
the way that we're experiencing things
but also there's other brands that are
changing the way they're interacting
with consumers within their mobile app
so I want to show you a video of a shoe
store actually called meat pack out of
Guatemala
Oh me pack where are you
we lose meat pack I can't explain it
so basically when we're getting the
video up it's basically a mobile app
where the audience of the mobile app can
interact with the brand so they're
walking through a store and they get to
the store so it's a shoe store right and
they're in a Nike shoe store there we go
that message there's a promotion for
feedback it thinks for yep
yeah we got
meet back is the trendiest shoe store in
guatemala a brand known for its edgy
cutting style in a store known for its
unique discounts in limited-edition
kicks including brands like Adidas Nike
and Reebok an icon for the sneaker head
subculture with over 60,000 fans on
their fan page in less than a year they
needed to launch a new promotion to lift
up to their hardcore fans an innovative
way to earn your discount we created
hijack and enhancement for the official
meet pack out used by our customers
using GPS tracking technology that marks
every competitor store of the brand sold
at meet pad so every time one of our
sneaker heads enters one of the stores
it triggers a special notice with a
promotion hijack sends an alert to the
person's mobile with a discount that
starts at 99% and decreases by 1% every
second that goes by making the countdown
stop until you reach our store more than
600 customers were hijacked from the
competitors in a week one customer pedro
rodriguez got a record-breaking 89
percent discount this is the first promo
campaign that started the sale in the
competitors stores other than the fact
that I would never buy shoes from what
somebody called me pack and there's
probably not cheerleaders and DJs and
every single one of their stores it's
pretty cool right they had to have an
audience though which Jeff's going to
talk about later today in order to tap
that audience within the app but they're
using GPS tracking technology in a cool
way
which leads to the fifth trend we got
one more than we're done which is brand
personalization and there's two forms of
brand personalization predictive
intelligence which is exact target
driven and then economics which is a
term coined by a woman named faith
popcorn and that's a real name believe
me
we'll get to ego anomic Slater but
predictive intelligence is basically
understanding someone's behavior guiding
them through a sales process and then
selling them things based off of that
behavior 41% of consumers buy more from
retailers who send personalized email
based on past
buying behaviors so we know that right
we've been testing that constantly now
but I'm going to give you an example of
this this is called Fablab by covergirl
it's a website it's a one-click sign-on
you can sign in via Facebook and it says
we're going to give us your email then
we're going to take your basic profile
information and basically that means
that they're going to take all of your
data off your Facebook profile when they
say basic it's not really that basic and
then you can you can also sign up via
email right so you go here you can
upload a photo you can use your webcam
you can actually select a model if you
want to and then it takes you through
these different quite well at first I
did it for you
take a photo of myself instead of using
the model and traces your face and then
it takes you through different questions
total range skin shade skin undertone
eye color hair color age range and while
you're doing this what is the system
doing in the background applying
everything that I'm answering to my ID
in the database right so that it can
then do what it can recommend products
to me clean whipped cream foundation
clean liquid makeup north and simply
ageless foundation then gives you
ratings right if I add those to a car
and I leave what happens they trigger an
email it says Kyle you forgot to buy
your simply ageless foundation you
probably need to buy it what happens if
I buy it sending me an e receipt with
other recommended products within that
you receive that email receipt but the
coolest thing about this website is that
you can actually go try on the makeup on
the site and you can do you can zoom in
you can do before-and-after just in case
you didn't apply the foundation in the
right way and you can tell that I did
not answer those questions right because
I look like a psycho so what's
interesting is that nobody really wants
to try on makeup via a computer screen
right that's just not what they want to
do nobody wants to do that but why do
they make this why did they make this
and launch this because it was
interactive but it allowed them to make
it interactive to gather data right
about that consumer about me who is
answering these questions to buy makeup
from them flamed out shadow pots for
instance which i have no idea what that
is it sounds really crazy to be honest
with you in a perfect world what would
happen when I go to the covergirl
website the entire website would change
content would change based off of how I
interacted with the app and my past
buying behavior with covergirl and we're
getting there right that's where
technology is going 12 to 25 percent
increase in sales at the transactional
message includes personalized product
recommendations 12 to 25 percent lifts
if you recommend products to that person
and the only way that you can recommend
products is if your tracking data and
managing it the right way number two is
economics which of course faith popcorn
to offset a depersonalized society
consumers crave recognition of their
individuality I think a lot of times
when we're talking about technology
we're talking about these devices and
people have one two three phones and are
using tablets and in front of computer
all day and bla bla bla bla bla bla bla
we are becoming more depersonalized
honestly so we're craving more
recognition from people as well as
brands so we have to remember that this
is the best example that I've ever found
that Derek actually led me on this is
where you can this is a couple years ago
I think where you could personalize a
coke can and send it to a friend you
could personalize it you could
personalized selfies another example of
that right who's taking a selfie in here
in the last 12 hours all of you are
lying because I know you have even if
you accidentally switch the camera and
took a picture on accident you took a
selfie right so it's this
personalization of society because of
Technology and that leads to the last
trend which is connected products which
we talk a lot about at the marketing
cloud because connected products are
important too my favorite one is the
adidas meet coach is it has anybody seen
the me coach mi coche it's a new product
from adidas I'm not sure if they've
released it yet but it's basically a
soccer ball a shoe different things you
can wear and it will track how you play
football or soccer imagine the power of
coaches when they put this to all their
players and they're tracking how their
players interact with that device a lot
on a fide self which is basically a
trend that wear us as humans want to
take our actions and create data points
so that we can be better at what we do
little Terminator esque but still it's
the quantify itself it's the idea that
we can be better using those products
and we're not necessarily saying that
you need to go get a smart toothbrush
you need to go buy a soccer ball that
talks to you are all these different
things that are happening it's just
showing you that brands are becoming
more in tune with the idea that they
have to be better at serving the
customer not selling them so
something that we say the exact target
is serving is the new selling you have
to take products you think adidas wants
to become a technology company doubtful
in my opinion what they want to do is
they want to be more helpful so the
consumer becomes more brand loyal so in
that data always equals relevance and
data always beats opinions we could sit
in a boardroom all day and try to figure
out what message via what channel we
want to send somebody do we want to put
a QR code on something and by the way
don't ever put a QR code on a billboard
ever there's a company in Indianapolis
that has a QR code on this billboard on
our freeway and it's the dumbest thing
I've ever seen in my life
you can't even scan it can you imagine
people driving trying to scan a QR code
it's just so stupid so data always beats
opinions you have the data to make the
best strategic decisions possible for
your brand you just have to use it the
right way
it has to do with the life cycle and
traffic tracking the life cycle and
tracking the technology within it and we
need to get there so my favorite quote
that I end on is actually I heard it in
Hunter Valley last year a guy named
David Walmsley who's the head of
multi-channel for Marks and Spencer we
must move from numbers keeping scored in
numbers that drive better actions and as
marketers you have to get better at this
we all have to get better this we have
to be more numbers driven than we just
increased Facebook fans by 20% great
right what's past that how is that more
strategic in your way of thinking
so with these trends we have to remember
that and that's ultimately what we are
here to help you do it's to make better
decisions with data so you actually
driving better actions within your
company so thank you guys I'm gonna give
it back to Derek